README.md, before:

yii2-scrollup-widget
==========================
Wrapper around "Scroll Up", a "*lightweight jQuery plugin to create a customisable "Scroll to top" feature that will work with any website, with ease*. 

Check out the  [ScrollUp Demo page](http://markgoodyear.com/labs/scrollup/) for demo of the Plugin and don't forget to have a look
to the [scrollUp jQuery plugin Home page](http://markgoodyear.com/2013/01/scrollup-jquery-plugin/).


Installation
------------

The preferred way to install this extension is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Either run

```
php composer.phar require --prefer-dist raoul2000/yii2-scrollup-widget "*"
```

or add

```
"raoul2000/yii2-scrollup-widget": "*"
```

to the require section of your `composer.json` file.


Usage
-----

Once the extension is installed, simply use it in your code by :

```php
<?php 
	 		
use raoul2000\widget\scrollup\Scrollup;
 
Scrollup::widget([
	'theme' => Scrollup::THEME_IMAGE,
	'pluginOptions' => [
		'scrollText' => "To top", // Text for element
		'scrollName'=> 'scrollUp', // Element ID
		'topDistance'=> 400, // Distance from top before showing element (px)
		'topSpeed'=> 3000, // Speed back to top (ms)
		'animation' => Scrollup::ANIMATION_SLIDE, // Fade, slide, none
		'animationInSpeed' => 200, // Animation in speed (ms)
		'animationOutSpeed'=> 200, // Animation out speed (ms)
		'activeOverlay' => false, // Set CSS color to display scrollUp active point, e.g '#00FFFF'
	]
]);

?>
```
If you wish to use your own styling for the scroll-up, just remove the 'theme' option and provide the required CSS style.

For more information on the plugin options and usage, please refer to [scrollUp jQuery plugin Home page](http://markgoodyear.com/2013/01/scrollup-jquery-plugin/).

License
-------

**yii2-scrollup-widget** is released under the BSD 3-Clause License. See the bundled `LICENSE.md` for details.

Commit message:

Added section "Use minified version of js" into README.md

README.md, after:

yii2-scrollup-widget
==========================
Wrapper around "Scroll Up", a "*lightweight jQuery plugin to create a customisable "Scroll to top" feature that will work with any website, with ease*. 

Check out the  [ScrollUp Demo page](http://markgoodyear.com/labs/scrollup/) for demo of the Plugin and don't forget to have a look
to the [scrollUp jQuery plugin Home page](http://markgoodyear.com/2013/01/scrollup-jquery-plugin/).


Installation
------------

The preferred way to install this extension is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Either run

```
php composer.phar require --prefer-dist raoul2000/yii2-scrollup-widget "*"
```

or add

```
"raoul2000/yii2-scrollup-widget": "*"
```

to the require section of your `composer.json` file.


Usage
-----

Once the extension is installed, simply use it in your code by :

```php
<?php 
	 		
use raoul2000\widget\scrollup\Scrollup;
 
Scrollup::widget([
	'theme' => Scrollup::THEME_IMAGE,
	'pluginOptions' => [
		'scrollText' => "To top", // Text for element
		'scrollName'=> 'scrollUp', // Element ID
		'topDistance'=> 400, // Distance from top before showing element (px)
		'topSpeed'=> 3000, // Speed back to top (ms)
		'animation' => Scrollup::ANIMATION_SLIDE, // Fade, slide, none
		'animationInSpeed' => 200, // Animation in speed (ms)
		'animationOutSpeed'=> 200, // Animation out speed (ms)
		'activeOverlay' => false, // Set CSS color to display scrollUp active point, e.g '#00FFFF'
	]
]);

?>
```
If you wish to use your own styling for the scroll-up, just remove the 'theme' option and provide the required CSS style.

For more information on the plugin options and usage, please refer to [scrollUp jQuery plugin Home page](http://markgoodyear.com/2013/01/scrollup-jquery-plugin/).

Use minified version of js
--------------------------

In your config file set this up.

```php
'components' => [ // Check that you are inside "components" section
	'assetManager' => [
		'bundles' => [
			'assayerpro\scrollup\ScrollupAsset' => [
				'js' => [
					YII_ENV_DEV ? 'jquery.scrollUp.js' : 'jquery.scrollUp.min.js',
				],
			],
		],
	],
	// ... Some other components
],
```
This way in Development environment you'll have the unminified version, but in
Production Yii will use the minified file.

License
-------

**yii2-scrollup-widget** is released under the BSD 3-Clause License. See the bundled `LICENSE.md` for details.
